
hi Rolf,

Thanks for your quick feedback on the draft.

> You are a bit short in the discussion of the systematic differences in
> the rv measurements by your work and Evans et al. or
> Jasniewitz&Thevenin. It is probably hard to tell what the reason is
> (could be binarity for the two early types or not?), but the way it is
> written now it leaves a feeling of uncertainty.

Indeed, partly my fault that there's no real conclusion at present as this
is bugging the hell out of me - we've ruled out everything we can think
of, but that small (yet significant) offset cf. every other LMC velocity
I've ever measured doesn't feel right. Will muse on this further over the
break!

Happy Christmas!
Chris
Rolf Peter Kudritzki [kud@IfA.Hawaii.Edu]
[Reply] [Reply All] [Forward]
Actions
In response to the message from Lee R. Patrick, Fri 12/18
To:
 Lee R. Patrick
Cc:
 Christopher Evans‎; Ben Davies ‎[b.davies@ljmu.ac.uk]‎‎; N.J.Bastian@ljmu.ac.uk‎; E.Beasor@2010.ljmu.ac.uk‎; Rolf Peter Kudritzki ‎[kud@ifa.hawaii.edu]‎

Tuesday, December 22, 2015 9:40 AM
Hi Lee,

I read the draft more carefully now. Beyond what Nate has been pointing
out, I have not much to add at this stage, just a few suggestions. In the
introduction it would be good to mention:
Lardo et al., 2015, paper on the Antennae and
Gazak et al., 2014 paper on the M83 to point out the
importance of clusters for cosmological abundance studies. Nates idea to
create an integrated light J-band spectrum of NGC 2100 is very good. One
could do the same test as in Zach's Per OB1 paper and test whether you get
the same average metallicity. One could also compare the integrated
spectra directly. I also wonder whether you could make an experiment and
overplot the RSG HRDs of Per OB1 and NGC 2100. They have almost the same
age, thus, the test would be whether the metallicty differences cause
differences in the observed HRD.

You are a bit short in the discussion of the systematic differences in the
rv measurements by your work and Evans et al. or Jasniewitz&Thevenin. It
is probably hard to tell what the reason is (could be binarity for the two
early types or not?), but the way it is written now it leaves a feeling of
uncertainty. If the absolute value is not so important and only the
dispersion counts, maybe you should emphasize this. By the way, it is not
clear to me how with these few objects you measure dispersion as a
function of radius. You should explain this a bit more.

The metallicity in the very last paragraph is inconsistent with what hase
been said before.

I think discussing the virial vs photometry masses in the light of cluster
virialization and a discussion of stellar evolution as a function of
metallicity (Per OB1 vs NGC2100) are two good punch lines for the paper.

Cheers

Rolf